mention that InteractiveUtils is loaded automatically in interactive mode (#38937)
JuliaLang/julia: stdlib/InteractiveUtils/docs/src/index.md

# Interactive Utilities

> This module is intended for interactive work. It is loaded automaticaly in [interactive mode](@ref command-line-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functionality documented on this page is defined in the `InteractiveUtils` standard library module. This module is intended for interactive work and it is loaded automatically in [interactive mode](@ref command-line-options), for example when working in the REPL.
```

Author: > The functionality documented on this page is defined in the `InteractiveUtils` standard library module.

I would have thought that is apparent from the context, like for all other modules.
